docs(overlay): a11y docs update (#5409)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/overlay/README.md

</sp-overlay>
```

### Anatomy

When a `<sp-overlay>` element is opened, it will pass that state to its direct children elements as the property `open`, which it will set to `true`. Elements should react to this by initiating any transition between closed and open that they see fit. Similarly, `open` will be set to `false` when the `<sp-overlay>` element is closed.

### Options

#### Types

The `type` of an Overlay outlines a number of things about the interaction model within which it works:

> ##### Modal

Reviewer: Could we do each of the types in an `<sp-tabs>` element? It will save space and allow easier copmparison.

Author: great idea!!

</sp-overlay>
```

### Anatomy

When a `<sp-overlay>` element is opened, it will pass that state to its direct children elements as the property `open`, which it will set to `true`. Elements should react to this by initiating any transition between closed and open that they see fit. Similarly, `open` will be set to `false` when the `<sp-overlay>` element is closed.

### Options

#### Types

The `type` of an Overlay outlines a number of things about the interaction model within which it works:

<sp-tabs selected="modal" auto label="Type attribute options">
<sp-tab value="modal">Modal</sp-tab>

> <sp-tab-panel value="modal">

Reviewer: Thanks! This looks great! <3

                <sp-action-button>
                    <sp-icon-anchor-select slot="icon"></sp-icon-anchor-select>
                </sp-action-button>
                <sp-action-button>
                    <sp-icon-polygon-select
                        slot="icon"
                    ></sp-icon-polygon-select>
                </sp-action-button>
                <sp-action-button>
                    <sp-icon-rect-select slot="icon"></sp-icon-rect-select>
                </sp-action-button>
            </sp-action-group>
        </sp-popover>
    </sp-overlay>
</sp-popover>
```

### Advanced topics

#### API

```ts
<sp-overlay
    ?open=${boolean}
    ?delayed=${boolean}
    offset=${Number | [Number, Number]}
    placement=${Placement}
    receives-focus=${'true' | 'false' | 'auto' (default)
    trigger=${string | ${string}@${string}}
    .triggerElement=${HTMLElement}
    .triggerInteraction=${'click' | 'longpress' | 'hover'}
    type=${'auto' | 'hint' | 'manual' | 'modal' | 'page'}
></sp-overlay>
```

##### API value interactions

When a `triggerElement` is present (via `trigger` attribute or direct property setting), the following configurations apply:

> | Configuration      | Required Properties                       | Behavior                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Ooh can we do this as an `<sp-table>`? You can check out the one I did for the alrt-banner accessibility section as a guide.

-   For `hint` type, focus remains on the trigger element

Example of proper focus management:

```html
<sp-button id="modal-trigger" aria-haspopup="dialog" aria-expanded="false">
    Open Settings
</sp-button>
<sp-overlay trigger="modal-trigger@click" type="modal">
    <sp-dialog-wrapper
        headline="Settings"
        dismissable
        underlay
        aria-labelledby="settings-heading"
    >
        <h2 id="settings-heading" slot="heading">Settings</h2>
        <sp-field-label for="setting1">Email Notifications</sp-field-label>
        <sp-switch id="setting1">Enable notifications</sp-switch>

        <div slot="footer">
            <sp-button
                variant="secondary"
                onclick="this.dispatchEvent(new Event('close', { bubbles: true }))"
            >
                Cancel
            </sp-button>
            <sp-button
                variant="accent"
                onclick="this.dispatchEvent(new Event('close', { bubbles: true }))"
            >
                Save
            </sp-button>
        </div>
    </sp-dialog-wrapper>
</sp-overlay>
```

#### Keyboard Navigation

> -   ESC key closes overlays in reverse order of opening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   <kbd>Escape</kbd> key closes overlays in reverse order of opening
```

-   TAB/Shift+TAB navigates through focusable elements within modal/page overlays
-   Arrow keys navigate through menu items in menu overlays
-   ENTER/SPACE activates buttons and controls

#### Screen Reader Considerations

-   Use `aria-haspopup` on trigger elements to indicate the type of overlay
-   Provide descriptive labels using `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`
-   Use proper heading structure within overlays
-   Ensure error messages are announced using `aria-live`

Example of a tooltip with proper screen reader support:

```html
<sp-button id="help-trigger" aria-describedby="help-tooltip" label="Help">
    <sp-icon-help slot="icon"></sp-icon-help>
</sp-button>
<sp-overlay trigger="help-trigger@hover" type="hint">
    <sp-tooltip id="help-tooltip">
        Click for more information about this feature
    </sp-tooltip>
</sp-overlay>
```

> ### Advanced Topics

Reviewer: Can we move advanced topics above Accessibility? That way consumers always know to look for Accessibility at the bottom.

#### API

```ts
<sp-overlay
    ?open=${boolean}
    ?delayed=${boolean}
    offset=${Number | [Number, Number]}
    placement=${Placement}
    receives-focus=${'true' | 'false' | 'auto' (default)
    trigger=${string | ${string}@${string}}
    .triggerElement=${HTMLElement}
    .triggerInteraction=${'click' | 'longpress' | 'hover'}
    type=${'auto' | 'hint' | 'manual' | 'modal' | 'page'}
></sp-overlay>
```

##### API value interactions

When a `triggerElement` is present, either through an ID reference established via the `trigger` attribute or by directly setting the `triggerElement` property, a chain on configuration begins:

> -   **if a `triggerInteraction` is available**, either through the `id@interaction` IDL on the `trigger` attribute or directly setting the `triggerInteraction` property, the `<sp-overlay>` will be bound to the resolved `triggerElement` via the `triggerInteraction` provided

Reviewer: I wonder if putting this information into a table instead of a list may make it easier to mentally process...

3. `z-index` greater than zero

If you notice overlay clipping _only_ in Safari, this is likely the culprit. The solution is to break up the conditions into separate elements to avoid triggering WebKit's bug. For example, leaving relative positioning and z-index on the outermost container while creating an inner container that enforces the overflow rules.

### Accessibility

> #### Nested overlays

Reviewer: I am soooooooooo glad you included this section!

-   For `auto` and `manual` types, focus behavior is controlled by the `receives-focus` attribute
-   For `hint` type, focus remains on the trigger element

Example of proper focus management:

```html
<sp-button id="modal-trigger" aria-haspopup="dialog" aria-expanded="false">
    Open Settings
</sp-button>
<sp-overlay trigger="modal-trigger@click" type="modal">
    <sp-dialog-wrapper
        headline="Settings"
        dismissable
        underlay
        aria-labelledby="settings-heading"
    >
        <h2 id="settings-heading" slot="heading">Settings</h2>
        <sp-field-label for="setting1">Email Notifications</sp-field-label>
        <sp-switch id="setting1">Enable notifications</sp-switch>

        <div slot="footer">
            <sp-button
                variant="secondary"
                onclick="this.dispatchEvent(new Event('close', { bubbles: true }))"
            >
                Cancel
            </sp-button>
            <sp-button
                variant="accent"
                onclick="this.dispatchEvent(new Event('close', { bubbles: true }))"
            >
                Save
            </sp-button>
        </div>
    </sp-dialog-wrapper>
</sp-overlay>
```

> #### Keyboard navigation

Reviewer: Another `<sp-table>` for this one?

Author: done

-   <kbd>ESC</kbd> key closes overlays in reverse order of opening
-   <kbd>TAB</kbd>/<kbd>Shift+TAB</kbd> navigates through focusable elements within modal/page overlays
-   <kbd>Arrow keys</kbd> navigate through menu items in menu overlays
-   <kbd>ENTER</kbd>/<kbd>SPACE</kbd> activates buttons and controls

> #### Screen reader considerations

Reviewer: <3 <3 <3

Reviewer 2: Would love to see this section in all the components incrementally. Great addition. Love how we are making these docs so much self-explanatory.
